Add RFC contribuiting guidelines and template (#442)
Farfetch/kafkaflow: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Reviewer: Don't we need to review the issues (Features) template?

Reviewer: Sorry @joelfoliveira . Now that I look at it, I think it doesn't make sense to have it there.
Eventually, It might make sense to add a new Issue Template for RFCs. However, we can get back to it in the future if we feel the need.

-   [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code
-   [ ] I have added tests to cover my changes
-   [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation

> -   [ ] Optional: I created a RFC (Only for complex and/or impactful changes as defined in the [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/Farfetch/)kafkaflow/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer 2: It could be worth mentioning changes that will required to modify the API, what do you think?

Author: What I was going for, is to leave the description here as simple as possible, and the describe in the contributing.md the more specific cases where a RFC is expected ([this paragraph](https://github.com/Farfetch/kafkaflow/pull/442/files#diff-eca12c0a30e25b4b46522ebf89465a03ba72a03f540796c979137931d8f92055R14))

Reviewer 2: Fair enough, no problem for me

> -   [ ] Optional: I created a RFC (Only for complex and/or impactful changes as defined in the [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/Farfetch/)kafkaflow/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: Suggestion:
```suggestion
-   [ ] This change is related to an RFC document, and I've linked it in the Pull Request. _RFCs aren't required to contribute. KafkaFlow uses them to document complex and/or impactful evolutions. You can now more about them at the [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/Farfetch/)kafkaflow/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)._
```

Author: I agree with the suggestion. Suggestion applied.
